Equal Protection Clauses of the United States and Ohio Constitutions. (No. 91-1009 -- Submitted February 26, 1992 -- Decided August 12, 1992.) Appeal from the Court of Appeals for Butler County, No. CA90-05-088. On September 29, 1989, Dwayne Conley, appellant, filed a complaint in Butler County Common Pleas Court, alleging that Kurt Shearer, appellee, a Special Agent III employed by the Ohio Bureau of Criminal Identification and Investigation ("BCI"),1 "maliciously, recklessly, wantonly, willfully and wrongfully identified and continued to maintain that [Conley] was the person who sold drugs." In addition to malicious prosecution, Conley alleged claims of defamation and a violation of Section 1983, Title 42, U.S.Code. Criminal charges had been filed against Conley but were dismissed upon a showing that Shearer had incorrectly identified Conley as the person involved in the sale of drugs. Conley alleged that, as a result of Shearer's wrongdoing, he lost his job and incurred legal expenses. The complaint did not specify whether Conley was suing Shearer in his individual capacity or his official capacity as an employee of BCI, although it was Shearer's actions as a BCI agent which caused criminal charges to be filed against Conley. Neither the state of Ohio nor BCI was named as a defendant in the complaint. The Attorney General's office filed a motion to dismiss on behalf of Shearer. The motion argued that the trial court was without subject matter jurisdiction based upon R.C. 2743.02(F), that Shearer was entitled to personal immunity under R.C. 9.86, and that the Court of Claims must initially make a determination with regard to immunity from suit before a court of common pleas could have jurisdiction over the action. After the parties had submitted memoranda but prior to the court's decision on the motion to dismiss, Conley filed an affidavit with the court expressly waiving any right he may have had to sue the state of Ohio because of his claims against Shearer. On April 16, 1990, the common pleas court dismissed the action. The court of appeals affirmed. The cause is now before this court upon the allowance of a motion to certify the record. Richard L. Hurchanik, for appellant. Lee I. Fisher, Attorney General, Raul Rosado, Jr. and Simon B. Karas, for appellee. Moyer, C.J. The issue presented by this appeal is whether R.C. 2743.02(F) violates the Equal Protection Clauses of the United States and Ohio Constitutions. R.C. 2743.02(F) requires a