this matter together as one party which will be referred to collectively as "companies" except where the individual dealings of the entities are important. We affirm the District Court on all issues. The significant issue involving the companies is wheth- er the companies, as general contractor and owner, had a nondelegable or reserved duty rendering them liable to an employee of a subcontractor. The issue we considered involv- ing Christian is whether Christian's status as project engi- neer encompassed a duty of safety to the other subcontractors. If there was no duty owed or breached, there can be no issues of material fact and granting of summary judgment was appropriate. Rennick v. Hoover (1980), 186 Mont. 167, 170, 606 P.2d 1079, 1081; see also Scott v. Robson (1979), 182 Mont. 528, 597 P.2d 1150. The relevant facts concern the contractual. arrangement of parties on a construction project and the details of a trenching accident. The contractual arrangements are pre- scribed by Bechtel's contract with Montana Power Company (MPC), Christian's contract with MPC, and COP Construction Company's (COP) contract with Bechtel. Bechtel contracted with F4PC for development and expansion of a townsite on some of MPC's property at Colstrip, Monta.na. Christian was employed by MPC as project engineer. COP subsequently subcontracted with Bechtel for work which included putting in a sewer line for the townsite. No provision in the contract between MPC and Bechtel addresses safety. Section GC-25 of COP'S contract with Bechtel sets out these parties' safety duties: GC-25 SAFETY Subcontractor shal-1 at all times conduct all operations under the Subcontract in a manner to avoid the risk of bodily harm to persons or risk of damage to any property. Subcontractor shall. promptly take all precautions which are necessary and adequate against any conditions which involve a risk of bodily harm to persons or a risk of damage to any property. Subcontractor shall continu- ously inspect all work, materials and equipment to discover and determine any such conditions and shall be solely responsible for discovery, determination and correction of any such conditions. Contractor will establish a Project Safety Program. Subcontractor shall comply with all applicable laws, regula- tions and standards and the Project Safety Program. Subcontractor shall coordinate with other subcontractors on safety matters and shall promptly comply with any specific safety instructions or directions given to Subcontractor by Contractor. Subcontractor shall submit written Safety Program, with detail commensurate with