codes the reason for an employee’s termination. The code assigned to a terminated employee indicates that employee’s eligibility for rehire. Other HCA medical facilities, including St. Mark’s Hospital, also use this database to make hiring decisions. Sometime after Ogden Regional terminated Zisumbo’s employment in 2009, Ogden Regional coded Zisumbo as “‘Invol Term—Miscond’ . . . believing that it made him eligible for rehire.” In March 2011, Ogden Regional “learned this [belief] was incorrect” and that the assigned code made Zisumbo ineligible for rehire at all HCA medical facilities. Ogden Regional told Zisumbo it had changed the code to “Invol Term— 1. “On appeal from a motion to dismiss, we review the facts only as they are alleged in the complaint.” State v. Apotex Corp., 2012 UT 36, ¶ 3, 282 P.3d 66 (citation and internal quotation marks omitted). 2. In May 2010, Zisumbo filed a lawsuit in federal court against appellees Ogden Regional, Rodebush, Chris Bissenden, and Judd Taylor under Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, claiming employment discrimination and retaliation. A jury trial was held in 2013. The jury found that Ogden Regional had not discriminated against Zisumbo, but had retaliated against him. 20140614-CA 2 2015 UT App 240 Zisumbo v. Ogden Regional Medical Center Behavior,” a code indicating the terminated employee is eligible for rehire. ¶4 Since Zisumbo’s termination, “he has been unable to secure employment in his field, despite his five years of experience at [Ogden Regional], 10 years of CT experience, and a degree in CT.” He applied for jobs at St. Mark’s Hospital and other HCA facilities located in Utah, but received no response to his applications. He also applied for jobs at non-HCA facilities, but did not receive interviews for those positions. People at facilities where Zisumbo applied for positions informed Zisumbo that “something” was blocking his applications: [Zisumbo] spoke with individuals at facilities where he applied for jobs whom he knew and who were interested in hiring him, who informed him that his application had not been forwarded to them for consideration for available positions for which he had applied. In other words, they informed him that something was preventing his application from making it past the facility’s initial screening. ¶5 Based on the foregoing allegations, Zisumbo sued Ogden Regional. Ogden Regional moved to dismiss for failure to state a claim. Zisumbo opposed the motion and filed a proposed amended