obstructive sleep apnea. Following surgery, and after her breathing tube was removed, she experienced difficulty breathing. She was reintubated, given a tracheostomy, placed on a ventilator, and given Demerol for pain at two-hour intervals. By around 8:30 a.m. the following morning, she was taken off the ventilator. Two hours later, she was put back on the ventilator. After about an hour, nurses maintaining the tracheostomy tube could not pass a suction catheter into her lungs. Responding to a stat call to the room, anesthesiologist Benjamin Weeman, Doctor Robert Sibilia, and Doctor Hessler administered an Ambu bag and attempted to re-establish ventilation through the tracheostomy, a breathing tube, and jet ventilation through a bore needle in Gardenia’s neck, but she went into cardiac arrest and died. {¶ 3} On February 17, 2003, plaintiff entered into a contingency fee agreement with defendant Delahunty of Elk & Elk. Delahunty filed suit against Doctor Hessler and Wooster Hospital on May 2, 2003. He voluntarily dismissed the lawsuit on June 2, 2004, and refiled it on May 26, 2006. By mid-2006, Delahunty concluded that Gardenia had died from an overdose of Demerol, but he was unable to retain an expert who met the requirements for testifying in court as to liability.1 The trial court awarded Doctor 1 Under Evid.R. 601(D), an individual is not competent to give “expert testimony on the issue of liability in any claim asserted in any civil action against a physician, * * * or hospital arising out of the diagnosis, care, or treatment of any person * * *, unless the person testifying is licensed to practice * * * by the state medical board or by the licensing authority of any state, and unless the person devotes at least one-half of his or her professional time to the active clinical practice in his or her field of licensure, or to its instruction in an accredited school.” See, also, R.C. 2743.43(A) (requiring, inter alia, that three-fourths of the person’s professional time to the active clinical practice and that the person practices in the same or a substantially similar specialty as the defendant). As set forth in Wise v. Doctors Hosp. North (1982), 7 Ohio App.3d 331, 455 Hessler and Wooster Hospital summary judgment. Attorney Peter Traska of Elk & Elk perfected an appeal to the Ninth District Court of Appeals, but the appeal was dismissed for failure to timely file