to a June 5, 2012 robbery, during which David Johnson was shot in the abdomen. At the trial, Paresh Patel testified that on June 5, 2012, a shooting occurred at the hotel he owned. He said three surveillance cameras were located at the front of the building, and he identified photographs of the hotel and marked the location of one of the cameras. Mr. Patel stated that he lived at the hotel, that the police responded to the shooting, and that he gave them a copy of the surveillance recording. Mr. Patel said that he was told to stay away from the location of the shooting, and he denied that he or an employee picked up money from the parking lot and placed it on an air conditioning unit. He stated that he did not witness the robbery, that he did not know the victim, and that he did not remember if the victim’s truck was in the parking lot when the police arrived. The surveillance recordings were received as an exhibit and depicted three angles of the incident. The first recording depicted the length of the hotel and the corresponding parking lot. In the recording, which was time stamped June 5, 2012, at 6:02 a.m., a black sedan parked to the right of a pickup truck. The sedan’s passenger side faced the camera. A man exited the rear passenger-side door of the sedan and walked to the pickup truck, momentarily reached into the truck bed, and returned to the sedan. The man paused and looked toward the front passenger window before reentering the passenger-side backseat, and the door remained slightly open. The man ran from the sedan and toward the hotel, and a small cloud of dust rose in the parking lot halfway between the sedan and the hotel. The sedan drove in reverse toward the entrance to the parking lot and the direction in which the man ran, and the sedan’s rear driver’s side door opened. The second recording depicted the hotel and parking lot from the opposite end of the parking lot. It showed the black sedan’s driving backward and the man’s running. The rear driver’s side door was open and a person’s leg was hanging out. The third recording depicted the parking lot as visible from the hotel, and it showed the sedan’s driving backward with the rear driver’s side door open. On cross-examination, Mr. Patel