Co. v. Amerisure Ins. Co., 690 F.3d 628, 633 (5th Cir. 2012). We answer the first question “no” and do not answer the second. I. Background In 2008, Ewing Construction Company, Inc. (Ewing) entered into a standard American Institute of Architects contract with Tuluso-Midway Independent School District (TMISD) to serve as general contractor to renovate and build additions to a school in Corpus Christi, including constructing tennis courts. Shortly after construction of the tennis courts was completed, TMISD complained that the courts started flaking, crumbling, and cracking, rendering them unusable for their intended purpose of hosting competitive tennis events. TMISD filed suit in Texas state court against Ewing and others1 (the underlying suit). Its damage claims against Ewing were based on faulty construction of the courts and its theories of liability were breach of contract and negligence.2 1 TMISD sued LaMarr Womack Associates, as design architects; Jaster-Quintanilla San Antonio, L.L.P., as structural engineer; Ewing as construction contractor; and Liberty Mutual Insurance Company and Liberty Mutual Insurance Group (collectively, Liberty Mutual) as issuer of a performance bond conditioned on Ewing’s “faithful performance of the work in accordance with the plans, specifications, and contract documents.” Specifically, its pending claims against Liberty Mutual in the underlying suit are as follows: Defendant Ewing has not performed the work using ordinary care and has not performed the work in accordance with the plans, specifications, and contract documents and has breached its contract, resulting in damage to Plaintiff. Therefore Plaintiff is entitled to call upon Liberty Mutual Insurance Company, and, alternatively, Liberty Mutual Group, [I]nc., for payment of all sums for which Defendant Ewing has liability to Plaintiff, (including all damages, costs and fees), growing out of the non-performance of the work under the contract in question. Plaintiff seeks recovery from the Liberty Mutual Defendants all sums claimed against Ewing Construction Company in this Petition. 2 TMISD first sued Ewing for violation of the Texas Deceptive Trade Practices Act, see TEX. BUS. & COM. CODE §§ 17.01–.926, and common law misrepresentation in addition to its breach of contract and negligence claims. It omitted those claims in amended pleadings. 2 Ewing tendered defense of the underlying suit to Amerisure Insurance Company, its insurer under a commercial package policy that included CGL coverage. Amerisure denied coverage,3 prompting Ewing to file suit in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of Texas. There, Ewing sought a declaration that