of divorce, reserving several issues for trial. ¶3 At a bench trial in 2014, the parties contested the issues of custody, child support, past-due child support, and unreimbursed child care expenses. Each party also alleged that the other party was in contempt of the court’s prior orders and should therefore face sanctions. ¶4 On Child’s custody, the trial court made detailed findings. Among other things, it found that Pulham had remarried, had a son with her new husband, and was living in Tooele, Utah. The court also found that Pulham had been the primary caregiver of Child since birth and that, at the time of trial, Pulham was unemployed and was acting as the full-time caregiver of her younger son and Child. ¶5 Regarding Kirsling, the court found that he was living in Taylorsville, Utah, with his girlfriend and her children, and that Kirsling’s older son from a previous marriage lived with Kirsling part-time. The court also found that Kirsling had resided in various places, including Brigham City, Utah, and Phoenix, Arizona, for lengthy periods after the parties separated. The court found that even though Kirsling’s “contact and visitation with [Child] ha[d] been inconsistent for much of that time,” his contact had “stabilized considerably” in the year leading up to trial. 20150577-CA and 20160236-CA 2 2018 UT App 65 Pulham v. Kirsling ¶6 Although Kirsling and Pulham agreed at trial that it would be in Child’s best interest if they shared joint physical and legal custody, they sharply disagreed about the details of that custody, including where Child should be enrolled in school and with whom she should primarily reside. A custody evaluator prepared a custody evaluation and testified about it at trial. ¶7 Kirsling requested a court order requiring Child to enroll in the school near his home in Taylorsville for three years, at which point Child would then transfer to the school near Pulham’s home for the latter half of elementary school. The court rejected Kirsling’s request, reasoning that his plan would require Child “to spend considerable time commuting by car between Taylorsville and Tooele”—amounting to “upwards of an hour each way, before school and after school”—and that it was not in Child’s best interest to do so merely to accommodate Kirsling’s preferred parenting plan. The court also reasoned that Kirsling’s plan would require Child to change elementary schools and that such a plan, which would put Child